you're trying to manage him into
happiness so that you can get
what
um the same man I fell in love
with in this coaching session we're
going to see the psychological
underpinnings of what's happening for
somebody when they're trying to make
others feel good it happened during one
of our live q&as where people can raise
their hand and be coached by me I hope
you get a lot out of it my husband broke
up with me a couple of months ago um and
moved back to home his home country and
we're on a trial separation yeah and um
the point of the trial is to figure out
whether we should stay
together and I would love some help in
figuring out whether I want to stay with
this man or not how much of the trial is
his just giving you an excuse like what
like just because he doesn't want to
deal with the consequences of saying I
want a
divorce
um it's a good question um I proposed it
and I think there's truth in the fact
that I wasn't ready to deal with that
consequence um but there's a lot of love
between us yeah he's the person who
introduced me to you and he's willing to
do the work and so I'm I
but there was also so much
heaviness that it's hard to know how to
make that
choice oh passina is he
depressed like a heavy depression and a
lot of
Shame wow and anger that he would not
release No matter how much he listened
to
you that's okay how how did it make you
feel to be with him in that
depression I don't know that I realized
that when I was with him but like now
that we're in this separated feeling I
was just so heavy and pushed so much for
responsibility and just try to control
everything and try to help him in any
way that I could and instead he grew
resentful of me
yeah and it just made love just sort of
extinguish itself yeah and you know we
spent like maybe three weeks together
after the breakup between he left the
country and um
uh we listened to your podcast together
and we were trying to like rekindle
things and I felt more alive in those
three weeks breaking up with him and
crying on the couch with him than I had
in the last three years of our
relationship
yeah yeah what would it take for you to
be able to be with him and not take care
of
him if I put you in a room with like you
you're now back in an apartment together
you're married again it's going to be a
um a month together and your only job is
to not take care of him not take
responsibility not take
ownership what what would have to change
in you to make that
happen I think responsibility is a theme
that I'm dealing with at the moment
because it's like just the question just
the question what is it you would have
to do to live with this man and not take
responsibility there's something about
like the trust in myself and
the I have this feeling that like I can
almost get to it inside of me but it's
like a little bit slippery yeah is what
it feels like what do you what what is
it that you
would what is it that you would have to
face if you were responsible for him
you're not clearly like he's his own man
but if you were what would you have to
face I think the this takes me like I I
would have
to if I were taking care of
him I wouldn't be Tak resp yeah okay
there it
is right and and that's what I did yeah
that's right yeah and what are you
trying you're trying to manage him into
happiness so that you can get
what
um the same man I fell in love
with so that you can fall in love so
that you can be in love if you save him
then you get to feel
love like assuming it's a greedy act
yeah assuming that you're trying to make
him happy for your own
ends your ends are so that you can feel
that love again yeah yeah right so even
better question you're living in this
apartment for him for a month you can't
take care of him and you have to feel
love what what what's going to what's
that going to require from
you Monumental amounts of unconditional
love for myself
[Laughter]
I don't know that I know how to do it
but I know that's what it
is so you just said you don't know how
to do
it give me a good attempt
I don't know nah that's not attempt
that's talking just show me like just
take a shot at the goal even if it's
[__] up see just love yourself for a
minute it feels very silly I'm
[Laughter]
like oh my God
that's what you've been holding
back but when you when you asked me to
put myself back in that apartment with
him yeah oh that part of me starts
feeling caged again
yeah
yeah the silly the joyful the
yeah and the funny thing is he's been
asking me to be more joyful with him
like part of the problem he left me he's
like you're not joyful you know like we
can't have fun you don't get my jokes
and I'm like we're from different
cultures try harder at making
jokes and now he's not here and I'm so
joyful and I'm like but I still love him
so
yeah yeah how do I still love him and be
joyful can I do
that all you have to do is love yourself
and then the decision gets made you
don't need to worry about whether you're
going to be with him or not be with
him what is that like what does that
have to do with the price of cheese is
my my uncle used to
say you love yourself
unconditionally what what does it how
much does it matter how much is the
question just a question of do I still
take care of
him love yourself unconditionally desper
moment
again even put your hand on your heart
yeah feel it
yeah and just answer the question does
it matter how much does it matter if you
stay with him or
not it
doesn't how much does it matter that you
know what you're supposed to do next
I'm okay I'm having fun right now
so and H how do you want to how do you
want to treat him right
now how do you want to treat
him what happened to your heart yeah
there it
is yeah
yeah nobody wants to have sex with a kid
either just by the way the sex I'm sure
it's dead and so you yeah there
yeah that's where the sex drive went
[Laughter]
yeah I told one of my friends about what
you said last week about trying to jump
through emotions to get to the orgasm
and you I already refer to you as the
orgasm guy I'm afraid you're not gonna
live uh oh uh oh
yeah yeah so that's the job
Unconditionally Love Yourself and treat
him like an adult chips fall where the
chips
fall thank you for um helping me feel
that in my body you're
welcome what a pleasure